# NLB

This handles millions of requests per second, using TCP and UDP traffic
Network Load Balancer

Which load balancer supports TCP, HTTP, and HTTPS healthchecks?
Network Load Balancer

What are the three targets of an NLB?
Private IP addresses, ALBs, and Instances

Are load balancers single AZ or multi-az?
All LBs are multi-az

# Application Load Balancer

This LB handles HTTP traffic
Application load balancer

This LB handles url-based routing
ALB

What are the 4 targets of an ALB?
Instaces, Private IP Addresses, Lambda functions, EC2 Tasks

Which LB is best for containers?
ALB

# Gateway Load Balancer

Which protocol and port does the GLB use?
Geneve Protocol on 6081

How does the GLB analyse traffic?
The LB analyses traffic at the packet level by sending it to AWS resources before forwarding it to the target application

How many SSL certificates do Load Balancers support?
LBs support multiple SSL certificates

How can LBs enable sticky sessions?
Use cookies with an expiration date. The cookie can be generated by the target or the LB (with a reserved name of AWSALBAPP)

Is cross-zone load balancing free?
Load Balancing is free for an ALB but costs money for an NLB and GLB.

What are the min and max times for Connection Draining / Deregistration Delay?
0 seconds up to 600 seconds

# Scaling Policies

What are the 4 scaling policies?
Target Tracking, Step Scaling, Scheduled Actions, Predictive Scaling

Which scaling policy aims to keep the CPU at a certain level?
Target Tracking

Which scaling policy uses thresholds to increase instances?
Step scaling

Which scaling policy would increase the number of instances at 5pm on Friday?
Scheduled Actions

Which scaling policy uses machine learning to predict usage and resources needed?
Predictive scaling
