What is the max object size in s3?
5TB

What is the recommended way to upload files over 100MB to S3?
Multi-Part Upload

What is the mandatory way to upload files over 5GB to S3?
Multi-Part Upload

How can you speed up transferring an s3 file between regions?
S3 Transfer Acceleration

How does S3 transfer acceleration work?
Minimises amount of public internet used / maximises amount of private internet, forwards data to an AWS Edge Location

How can you speed up downloading a file from s3 and how does it work?
Use Byte-Range fetches which downloads specific byte ranges of a file in parallel

How might you retrieve only partial data for a very large file in s3?
Byte-Range fetches

How can you encrypt / unencrypt multiple files in s3?
S3 batch operations

How can you perform actions on multiple files in s3?
S3 batch operations

What service allows you to retrieve a list of all files in an s3 bucket?
S3 Inventory

How can you filter a list of objects in an s3 bucket?
S3 Select

What are three main destinations of s3 events?
SNS, SQS, and Lambda

What service captures events from s3 and can forward them to most other AWS services?
Eventbridge

Which two storage classes do s3 storage class analytics work for?
Standard and Standard IA only.

How long does it take for s3 storage analytics to start producing reccomendations?
24-48 hours

Which tool will assist you in creating lifecycle rules for objects in s3?
S3 Storage Class Analytics

What is the maximum storage size of objects in s3?
5tb

What does s3 bucket replication require enabled on the bucket?
Versioning

Is s3 bucket replication single-region only or multi-region?
Both

What happens to old objects once s3 bucket replication is enabled?
They are not replicated by default, this must be done by batch replication.

Are delete markers replicated by default?
No

How can the requester of an s3 object pay for the transfer instead of the owner?
Use 'requester pays' - the requester must be AWS authenticated

How can you retrieve only the files needed from s3?
S3 Select - uses sql

Does s3 select work on AWS Glacier?
Yes

Which storage classes are best for objects that must be stored for a minimum of 90 days?
Glacier Flexible or Glacier Instant

Which storage class is best for objects that must be stored for a minimum of 180 days?
Glacier Deep Archive

When is it better to use one-zone infrequent access over standard infrequent access?
When the data can be easily recreated or is a backup of on-prem data

Which storage class is best for gaming or big data?
General Purpose

What is the id of files already in a bucket when versioning is enabled?
Null

Deleting a file with versioning enabled will permanently delete it... true or false?
True if the file already has a version of 'deleted', false otherwise

Can delete markers be replicated?
They can be enabled but they are disabled by default
